#summary Patch history, per release.
#labels Featured

This is a history of all public releases.

----
====0.4 {{{04.02.2011}}}====
  * Modified the invulnerability responses to be more appropriate for Demoman
  * Added melee dare lines for Demoman
  * Attached the unused PlayerTaunts responses to the positive voice menu option for Demoman
  * Added kill responses for Demoman against Soldier (intentionally does not play if kill was with a sword [WeaponClassIsNotAxe], we'll assume he is sober when wielding a sword)
  * Added drunk line responses for when you swing your bottle after taking a drink from it (excluded the Frying Pan from this using a new WeaponIsNotFryingPan criterion)

  * Attached the unused PlayerTaunts responses to the positive voice menu option for Medic, Scout and Soldier

  * Added base Engineer.txt for diff purposes

  * Added automatic and manual assist lines for Engineer
  * Added melee dare lines for Engineer
  * Added a response for when you are holding your Frontier Justice and your mini sentry is killed for Engineer
  * Added Gunslinger punch and combo lines for Engineer
  * Added invulnerable responses for Engineer
  * Added unused revenge line for Engineer
  * Gunslinger now builds, moves and re-deploys much quieter than before (plays PlayerTaunts)
  * Attached the unused PlayerTaunts responses to the positive voice menu option for Engineer
  * Added a few criterion in response_rules.txt to make all this happen
  * Added unused DefendOnThePoint line (well it's used, but inconsistently)
----
====0.3 {{{03.02.2011}}}====
  * Removed superfluous/duplicate responses in Demoman.txt and Heavy.txt (Fists of Steel kill response now shares with base melee kill response, Bottle shares with Frying Pan, Pain Train with Frying Pan. Note: the responses work exactly the same as before, this is just cleaning up the code)
  * Fixed Frying Pan using the Bottle's response group
  * Scout now responds when invulnerable regardless of weapon fired
  * Added WeaponIsNotPainTrain criterion
  * Excluded Pain Train from Bottle taunt using above criterion
  * Modified Caber response to only fire on a kill (not 100% tied to a kill, but whatever)
  * Discovered 'damagecritical' context, applied to IsCritical criterion. Possibly related to critical hits, but seems to be related to any critical amount of damage

  * Added voice line to Equalizer taunt
  * Added voice line to Ubersawy taunt
  * Added voice line to Kritzkrieg taunt
  * Rebuilt scenes.image to allow for the above.

  * Added base Soldier.txt for diff purposes

  * Modified auto assist responses to 20PercentChance (was 10PercentChance)
  * Added Medic follow lines to Soldier
  * Added responses for when you are on a killing spree as a pocket Soldier (i.e. you're being healed by a Medic and you're on a killing spree)
  * Added ubercharge response lines for Soldier
  * Added melee dare lines for Soldier
  * Added manual and automatic assist line for Soldier
  * Added hat over heart lines for when you kill a Demoman as a Soldier

  * Added unused Direct Hit taunt vocals to melee kill response for Soldier.

  * Moved vocal Minigun firing responses into Heavy.txt
  * Fixed vocal Minigun firing responses to actually work
  * Added unused 'fight on point' lines to a new response rule for Heavy (PlayerGetOnPointHeavy); fire a weapon while on a cappable control point to hear.

  * Added 3 new criterion for detecting if player is not using vanilla weapons.
  * Added 'new weapon' lines for Heavy (4 lines for killing an enemy with a new Minigun, 4 lines for doing a 'Battle Cry' voice command while holding a new Minigun)

  * Added lines for killing an Engineer as a Heavy
  * Added same lines for doing a 'Battle Cry' on an enemy Engineer
  * Added BONK! not ready (invincible not ready) lines for Scout, (< or = 80 health, getting shot at while holding BONK!)
  * Added 2 more lines to Scout's melee dare response group
  * Added Bat domination lines for the Scout
  * Added a response for killing a Scout as a Scout
  * Added a response for killing a Pyro as a Scout
  * Added a criterion LoadoutIsDrink
  * Excluded Crit-a-Cola from playing any BONK! related lines.
  * Added lines for firing while under the effects of Crit-a-Cola
  * Added PostTired vocals for Crit-a-Cola
  * ~ Discovered a hard limit of rules/responses per file. Any higher than this will cause the game to crash.

  * - Removed critical hit criterion IsCritical as it is not related to actual critical hits
  * - Removed in-progress response from Soldier.txt based on above criterion
  * Fixed a typo in Scout.txt

  * Updated the Pyro and Scout kill responses for Scout

  * Undo a previous change that removed IsCritical criterion, as it is used for Caber explosion rule detection.
  * Added Sentry and Dispenser destroyed lines for Heavy

  * Added unused melee lines for Heavy, spoken in sequence
  * Added unused left/right melee lines to left/right voice command as there is no way to differentiate between the two in-game

  * Added criterion IsNotOnHeavy
  * Added 3 'unknown condition' lines to the battle cry when facing anybody but a Heavy.
  * Added 2 of those lines to KilledPlayerManyHeavy and KilledPlayerVeryManyHeavy, 1 each

  * Added the unused PlayerTaunts for Heavy
  * Added the final unused vocal line to the primary and secondary taunt for Heavy
  * Rebuilt scenes.image to accommodate the the vcd changes
  * Updated the Buffalo Steak Sandvich response to check for weapon mode instead of weapon class

  * Added base game_sounds_vo_handmade.txt for diff purposes

  * -> Moved game_sounds_vo_handmade.txt to correct directory

  * Added unused singing line to Payload offense response group
  * Added unused singing line to Payload defence response group
  * Added ?? ???????? (dasvidania) back to Heavy's "Thanks" voice command, was missing since beta
  * Updated game_sounds_vo_handmade.txt.txt to allow for this
  * Rebuilt scenes.image to accommodate new vcd (Thanks04.vcd)
----
====0.2 {{{(02.25.2011)}}}====
  * Added 1 unused domination line for scout (need to build vcds for other 2)
  * Added melee dare responses for Scout. Point at enemy with a melee weapon, do battle cry voice command to use.
  * Added prototype assist kill response system for Scout (kill >1 players, say voice command "Thanks", 50 percent chance of occurring)
  * Added double jump apex responses for Scout
  * Added a Criterion in response_rules.txt to make it only fire when he's in the air, not when he's on the ground.
  * Excluded Skullcutter from the eyelander taunt
  * Fixed Frying Pan criterion to use correct name.
  * Frying Pan now has its own kill response rule - no more "bottle o' scrumpy" line.
  * Removed superfluous criterion in Demoman.txt melee kill rules

  * Modified Scout kill assist rule to be less prone to spamming. Can only be fired 1 in 20 seconds (in time with recent kill ticker) after a kill. This may need further tweaking.
  * Fixed the criterion WeaponIsScattergunDouble - somehow broken in previous revision.
  * Moved rules around to more appropriate areas within Scout.txt
  * Added achievement responses for Scout.
  * Added criterion for the Ullapool Caber
  * Added rule for a Caber explosion
  * Added some documentation to Demoman.txt
  * Added unused Bottle taunt to Caber
  * Added two voice lines to new Caber taunt

  * Added recompiled scenes.image to allow for taunt04_v1.vcd and taunt04_v2.vcd to work. Server admins: You will somehow need to force this file upon your clients for the new taunts to work. (You don't need to worry about the vcd files, just the scenes.image)
  * Added assist lines for Demoman. Say thanks after a kill.

  * Added a new criterion to response_rules.txt "IsBeingHealed"
  * Added scout assist speech for when you get a kill while being healed. 10 percent chance, shares context with the manual assist speech (thanks after a kill). Has a delay of 2.5 seconds after the kill.
  * Removed superfluous IsDemoman/IsScout criteria on assist rules.
  * Added auto assist rule for Demoman, same as one in Scout.txt
  * Added base Heavy.txt for diff purposes.
  * Added responses for when you kill an enemy Medic whilst being healed by your own as a Heavy
  * Added achievement responses for Heavy
  * Added manual and automatic assist lines for Heavy
  * Added melee dare responses for Heavy
  * Added new criterion for Fists of Steel
  * Added vocal line relating to steel fists for when you get a Fists of Steel kill, shares context with normal melee kills.
----
====0.1 {{{(02.11.2011)}}}====
  * Added ubercharge responses for Demoman, Scout and Medic
  * All Swords now use Eyelander taunt.
  * Swords play voice lines (special version for Demoman victim)

  * Heavy no longer speaks Sandvich lines when eating Dalokohs or Steak
  * Allowed for addition of separate responses for Steak/Dalokohs when eating
  * Added two voice lines to the Dalokohs as an example of above.

=====Undocumented in svn:=====
  * Added unused Ubercharge ready line for Medic.

MD5 checksum: 162ddf081de10dd229734bba83cce24a